Examples of Neural Network types:

1. Feedforward Neural Network (FFNN)
   The most basic type of neural network, where the information flows only in one direction,
   from input layer to output layer.
   There are no feedback loops, and each layer processes information independently.
   effective for problems where the input and output data have a clear relationship
   Also, can be used for problems where the input data has a high degree of redundancy or noise,
   learns to filter out irrelevant information and focus on the most important features

2. Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)
   used for sequence data, such as time series data, where information can flow in both directions
   the network has memory of previous inputs.

3. Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
   used for image and video recognition where convolutional layers are used to extract features from the input data

4. Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Network
   A type of recurrent neural network that is designed to handle long-term dependencies in sequence data
   by using specialized memory cells to store and retrieve information.

5. Autoencoder
   used for unsupervised learning, where the goal is to learn a compact representation of the input data by
   encoding it into a lower-dimensional space, and then decoding it back to the original space.

6. Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)
   used for generating new data that is similar to the training data
   It consists of two networks:
   - generator that creates new data
   - discriminator that tries to distinguish the generated data from the real data

7. Deep Belief Network (DBN)
   used for unsupervised learning where the goal is to learn a hierarchical representation of the input data
   It consists of multiple layers of restricted Boltzmann machines (RBMs) that are trained one at a time.

8. Reinforcement Learning Network
   used for learning how to make decisions based on rewards and punishments.
   The network learns by interacting with an environment and receiving feedback (reward/punishment)

9. Hopfield Network
   used for associative memory and pattern recognition
   fully connected network of binary neurons that are updated synchronously based on a simple energy function.

10. Boltzmann Machine
   used for unsupervised learning and pattern recognition. network of binary neurons that are connected with weighted synapses,
   and uses a probabilistic approach to update the neurons.

11. Self-Organizing Map (SOM)
   used for unsupervised learning and data visualization.
   competitive learning algorithm to cluster similar input data into a two-dimensional map

12. Deep Convolutional Inverse Graphics Network (DCIGN)
   used for unsupervised learning and image reconstruction
   learns to invert the graphics rendering process, allowing it to generate 3D objects from 2D images

13. Echo State Network (ESN)
   A type of RNN that is used for time-series prediction and control.
   uses a simple learning rule to adapt to the input data

14. Modular Neural Network
   A neural network that is composed of smaller, simpler networks called modules.
   modules are  connected together to perform complex tasks.
   Each module can be trained independently and optimized for a specific task

15. Radial Basis Function Network (RBFN)
   uses radial basis functions to model complex patterns in the input data.
   used to transform the input data into a higher-dimensional space




